# e-vote
Documenting E-VOTE! for OSU CS 406 - Projects (and beyond).

The repository will be uploaded on a regular basis to show my progression within this course and afterwards.

NOTES
# July 2, 2020
- All candidates, positions, election days are accurate. Their personal information, especially SSN, are fictional and generated by a random generator found online. The same goes for Voters. Addresses may or may not be fictional but are close to being as accurate as possible to be realistic.
- Phone/cell datatype is now char(15) so numbers can be properly entered, including international numbers
- Zipcode datatype is now Char to capture the leading zero (i.e. 07373 would be entered as 7373 with Int)

# July 13, 2020
- Uploaded the updated DDL file
- Uploaded the Website Design - a prototype with all the functionalities and layouts
- Uploaded the 1st Progress Report Video https://youtu.be/nspd5EplFwc

# July 20, 2020
- Uploaded the DML file
- Uploaded the updated Web Design. As I was going through the DML, I realized some functionalities on the Web Design did not make sense so they were tweaked.
- 2nd Progress Report Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmzkUlG8EuU&t=33s

# July 27, 2020
- Uploaded the main.html, files for the code, 404 and 500 handlebars, and home.html (not active)
- Uploaded the written/drawn code layout and psuedocode for the Page 2 of the Website Diagram
- 3rd Progress Report Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ECfvtZwzc0
- Challenges: 

1) On the main.html - I have not yet figured out how to get the icons to appear in the bottom navigation bar. It's probably something simple, but I just haven't seen it yet. The link works though. 

2) I had trouble writing html code for Page 2 of the Website Diagram because there are three search forms, and each form is in it's own column, all adjacent to each other. I wondered if this is a good programming practice to have multiple forms in a single page because I could not remember seeing it before. I thought about splitting up the page into three pages - one for each search form. However, it seems to be doable based on my search on various StackOverflow posts and that the button needs to be unique from all others. Then the next challenge was coding the form so I drew it and then turned it into psuedocode first. 
- Tools used: Sublime Text and paper and a sharpie

# August 3, 2020
- Uploaded the findElections.html and resultsLocation.html (static pages with handlebars coding)
- Psuedocode was extremely helpful. Had to modify a little bit - needed form-group and only one row. 
- The resultsLocation.html includes handlebars to ensure correct placement. May need to be modified when making the page dynamic.
- The submit button on resultsLocation.html will need to be more associated with "display results"
- 4th Progress Report Video https://youtu.be/7jMHh3aTWfM

# August 14, 2020
- Uploaded directories. This is a large scale project so I wanted to start of being as organized as possible to avoid confusion and create a smooth workflow. I used this link to start off my organization: https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/81899/how-should-i-organize-my-source-tree
- Uploaded some files, including a dbcon.js (incomplete) and html files. All static pages - basically pages 1 to 9 of the Website Design. Some modifications were made because I thought of a better workflow, which will be drawn onto paper in the future - perhaps UML Class Design.
- Uploaded the Final Project Report (to report out for the end of the Summer 2020 Term which includes next steps)
- 5th Progress Report Video: LINK TBD



